location:beijing,china
name:ascott_beijing
content: great room layout service value-would definitely return	we stayed in a 3 bedroomed-suite which was well furnished and the staff perfect hosts. they even organised a birthday cake for my Mum (we were all there to celebrate).could organise for massages manicures in our suite, perfect for relaxing.located in the CBD so not great for tourists but plenty of remarkably good valued restaurants nearby.	
content: A quality hotel with quality service	We stayed at the Ascott Beijing this summer for 1 week in a family of 5. It is centrally located. When you are a european with kids staying for a few days it is ideal to have a fully equipped kitchen and a big Wal-Mart nearby. We had a modern and spacious apartment with a big LCD flat television. The service was really good and important for us not speaking the language we never had to wait for a taxi and they always provided info for our directions.We would definitely return!	
content: clean rooms good location poor service	check-in my friends are i arrived from different countries @ different times and were greeted in the same lousy way. the bellboy did not help with luggage. the doorman did not open door. and the receptionist took more than 5 minutes to greet us with no smile despite having no other guest in the lobby. in sum, not pleasant.room we had the 2 bedroom suite. very spacious and comfy with all basic amenities. bathroom was spacious with separate bathtub and shower area equipped with l'occitaine toiletries. but they do not provide us with new ones even tho we have finished them. we had to ask the receptionist/concierge TWICE before getting more toiletries to shower. the washing machine is brilliant, but the 4 of us were not clever enough to work out how to wash and dry the 4 days we were there. Ended up doing the laundry by hand. location central and within walking distance to the train station and food places. slight difficulty getting a taxi tho. 7eleven is just round the corner. and there's a starbucks on the ground floor.breakfast small but good spread with standard egg station, fruits, breads and some local congee and hot food.massage/spa we had massage and Chinese pedicure there. pedicurist is a man who told us how maggie cheung went there for a massage a while ago. quality of massage and pedicure was average.	
content: Amazing find for a group that wants to stick together	We did a lot of searching before finally deciding to stay at the Ascott in Beijing. I was a bit nervous since it would be my first trip to China and I know little about the best place to stay. This ended up being the perfect choice. We had 7 people traveling together and booked the 3 room suite/apartment. We comfortable slept everyone. The 2.5 bathrooms worked well for our group. We also loved having a kitchen to be able to have a little choice about what we ate. We wish there would have been a grocery store closer by, although we made good use of the 7 eleven across the street. The in-room washer and dryer were also definitely a plus and there was plenty of space for lounging around.Some have complained about the internet. As far as wireless goes you can pick some up, but I wouldn't count on it. We did have 2 wired connections though so we just shared them and made do. We weren't in China for the internet anyway so we didn't care too much.The hotel staff went above and beyond to accommodate us. I left my passport in the taxi upon arrival and the moment I told them they got right on top of tracking it down for me.For added convenience there is also a Subway restaurant attached to the hotel. This may sound silly to most people, but after 2 weeks in china I was ready to put something a bit more familiar to me in my stomach and that hit the spot. Across the street you can find a Chinese food restaurant that will deliver to your hotel room. We had breakfast included in our stay which was a great way to start each morning.The hotel is less than a 5 minute walk to the subway entrance and maybe a 10-15 minute walk to the silk market and other nearby sights. All in all the hotel was very clean and the service was great. It is a wonderful deal for how nice the accommodations are and I would highly recommend it to anyone.	
content: Good Value for large family - Internet connection prob not hotel's fault	Great for large families! We grabbed a large 3 bedroom for 6 adults and 2 kids. Great room - my chinese inlaws really liked the kitchen and washer/dryer. Big thumbs up from them. Large LCD tv was also in heavy rotation. Had a nice kids movie with popcorn and the works every Friday. Internet was down for several days (the hotel's guest room ISP had an issue), however the GM allowed us use of the conference center internet which was a different ISP as soon as he was aware. Prob solved. If you are looking for Casa Mia, it closed, however Annie's Italian is opening soon right across the street. I've never tried Casa Mia but Annie's is a great chain with excellent service, good value, great food. Also tried the subway and curry rest in the building all fine. Gym facilities were awesome - full Cybex, freeweights and treadmills with LCDs. The breakfast buffet actually improved during our stay, and we were asked for ideas to make it better. The kids room is more oriented towards toddlers - small ball pit and other basic toys. 5 and 8 yo with us enjoyed the pool more - decent temps and very clean. If you stay here, learn how to get to Walmart, its faster to walk than taxi, and they have all of the essentials at good prices. Everybody bought a lot of our local food souveniers there. The main lacking of this hotel is that it's not a tourist hotel. You'll have to do most of the homework on your own. Find a local guide and hire them like we did.

name:hotel_beijing
content:Amazing time in Beijing	Whilst in Beijing i had realised i had booked the wrong Hilton back in the UK. Instead of the hilton near the imperial palace i had booked this hotel. Initially being cross with this mistake the anger went out the window once we had arrived at Hilton Beijing. The hotel was amazing! the staff were so friendly and attentive without being overbearing which is sometimes the case in 5 star hotels. Will deffinately return when back in Beijing.
content:Fantastic hotel	My husband and I inadvertently ended up staying here due to the Hilton Wangfujing being closed for three days over the 60 years of Communist rule celebrations. However, we were more than happy with this hotel.The location is a bit far away from the big tourist attractions but there is a subway station two minutes away which is easy to navigate, clean and cheap. On the plus side, it is close to the Lufthansa Centre, a Starbucks and a fantastic expat supermarket.Rooms are fairly standard but clean and certainly nothing to complain about. Staff are incredibly friendly and very helpful. Excellent standard of English.Breakfast is a standard hotel breakfast, but again nothing to complain about.
content: comfortable stay	I just stayed one night in transit for work. The room was very comfortable with all the usual modern amenities. Excellent toiletries. Room service was usual medium-high prices with solid food. Internet is a bit expensive. The gym is very big with good equipment, with a slightly dated feel. Breakfast was very good but the restaurant was so full that there was a wait -- not convenient especially if there for business and in a rush. Service was excellent at reception; staff were harried in the restaurant. Overall a very nice stay. I would consider going back, but Beijing has far too many nice boutique hotels (I stayed at the Hotel G for 2 nights and it was fantastic).
content: Old vs New	I stayed at this Hilton about 10 years ago and was concerned about staying at the hotel again. The renovations made to this hotel for the Olympics proved pleasurable and impressive. Being a Diamond HH member I was upgraded to the executive wing. I was impressed with the entire executive lounge services and the hotel room was fantastic. This executive lounge is like an entire hotel with a large atrium. My guess, however, is that the older wing of the hotel is not as impressive. I suggest trying to upgrade if at all possible.During the entire stay I was pleased with the service at the restaurants, front desk and bars. If you are adventurous and head out on your own and hope to take a taxi back to the hotel I suggest that you carry a map of the city with the hotels location clearly marked for the taxi driver to see and understand. The card provided by the hotel was not enough for many taxi drivers. The hotel is a main hotel in Beijing, but taxi drivers seem inept in finding their way around the city. And, be cautious as many drivers will attempt to charge a foreigner 8 to 10 times more than they charge a local.I would stay at this hotel again.
content: What a Trip!	Before resigning from my position as a flight attendant, my husband &amp; I traveled to China for the 1st time and had an unbelievable time! The Hilton is a great place to stay! From the clean rooms to the english cards that directed taxi drivers to your destinations (my sister speaks Mandarin but I do not...), to the friendly staff, our trip was wonderful. Our visits to the Pearl Market, Forbidden City, The Great Wall, even McDonalds (LOL) made our trip to China a truly unforgetable experience for us!We hope to return to Beijing again someday and will definitely stay at the Hilton! 

name:tiantan_hotel
content: Nice Hotel	I stayed here during a three day tour of Beijing while I was in China. Overall, it was a good experience. Rooms were very well appointed. Everything had a very modern feel. Surfaces were marble or granite, and the furniture was rich wood. As others have mentioned, the mattress was typical for that region of the world. Beds are extremely firm and require some getting used to. This hotel was no exception. The bathroom offered every necessary toiletrie, from toothpaste to q-tip.Although we didn't spend much time in the hotel, the common facilities were nice. There were a full host of business services, at least one shop for souveniers and miscellanous goods. There was also one cafe, and at least two additional restaurants. One offered a free breakfast buffett, which was both Eastern and Western style. We ate in both restaurants and food quality was on par with restaurants in the surrounding area.The surrounding area is pretty docile. There isn't much in the immediate vicinity. We were there over the Chinese New Year and most places were closed for the holiday. The Pearl Outlet was nearby but was also closed. They did have several statues and stone carvings celebrating the upcoming Olympic games which were neat to see.Overall, this is a great place to stay if you are conducting business in the local area, or are participating in a fully guided tour of the area. Certainly 4-star quality.
content: Suitable hotel	I did a three day tour through Beijing when I stayed at the Tiantan Hotel. The hotel is pretty nice and the breakfast buffet was very good as well. The hotel is in a weird area though. Its not dangerous, but it is definitely not much of a neighborhood. If you want to go out for dinner you need to take a cab, there is nothing in walking distance. The hotel staff does not speak English that well. When staying there request an upper floor room. I stayed on floor 5 and I could hear noise from the kaoroke bar on the 2nd floor all night. Additionally, I just found out that the hotel just charged my credit card for something I can't figure out. The web addresses for these hotels are impossible to track down. Does anyone know it?
content: Good hotel near the Temple of Heaven	My family and I stayed at the Tiantan Hotel for 4 nights near the end of June as a part of a 10-day package tour of China. The hotel was part of the tour package for our stay in Beijing and we booked out three rooms. Overall, we liked the hotel, but we do have some nits to pick.The main &quot;nits&quot; that we had 1.) As a family, we wanted 3 rooms that would be near to each other. We were told that they could accomodate this request and we were given 3 rooms that appeared to be next to each other (i.e., sequential room numbers). When we got to our rooms, we realized that despite the sequential room numbers, one room was in actuality down the hall and around the corner (due to a quirk on how the rooms are layed out) and not really near the other two. When we called back downstairs to ask if we can have a closer room than that, we were then told that it was the only room available to us. Not the world's biggest deal, but somewhat annoying when the staff had earlier assured us that all 3 rooms would be next to each other. [Note The staff's English is only so-so, but my family and I can speak Mandarin, so this was not an issue of being &quot;lost in translation.&quot;]2.) Complete and total lack of variety in their lobby background music. Strange nit you say? For 2 days straight, the lobby background music was the same instrumental version of &quot;Don't Cry for Me Argentina&quot; on INFINITE LOOP. No other song was played (not even another song from Evita). It's amazing how quickly a song can drill into your head when it's the ONLY SONG playing over and over and over... Part way through breakfast in the downstairs restaurant, I wanted to grab some bread to stuff into my ears just to block out the sound and keep my sanity.Beyond these nits, this is a perfectly nice hotel to stay at. The rooms are very clean and nice (though the beds are like most Chinese hotel beds... VERY firm). It was easy to set a wake-up call and our wake-up calls were always on time. As also stated by the previous reviewers, this hotel is near the Temple of Heaven (for which the hotel is named for) and the Pearl Market (great shopping if you love to haggle). It is also right across the street from the Red Theater (the home of the &quot;Beijing Kung Fu Show,&quot; a popular stop for Western tour companies). I can't speak to the nearness of other tourist attractions as our tour bus would pick us up and drive us to the various places and I did not really pay attention to time or distance.The breakfast buffet is not too bad. It has good variety and has probably a 60/40 mix of Western/Chinese food items. In my opinion, the Chinese food items are definitely better than the Western ones. There is also an omelet bar where the chef will either fry eggs or omelets for you.We also had a late dinner in the Rainbow Restaurant one night. We kept the meal simple to noodles, fried rice, and dumplings and the food was very good... especially the dumplings.
content: Decent business hotel but far away from main sites	This is a typical Chinese business hotel, rooms are decent size and comfortable but nothing luxurious. Remember that all mattresses in Chinese hotels have the firmness of a box spring (foreign hotel mattresses are only marginally better). Good for your back I guess but takes some using to!As another reviewer mentioned, the hotel is convenient for the Pearl Market (10mns walk). Don't forget to bargain hard, 1st counter offer should not be more than 10% of asking price. Don't settle for more than 20% of asking price, if not move on to another vendor. Best deal is on fresh water pearls on the 3rd floor. Hotel is also convenient for the Temple of Heaven (20mn walk) but very far from anything else. You will need a 15 mn ride by cab to any other sites which can stretch to 30mns when there is traffic. Breakfast buffet is so so. American items are a pale comparison to the originals and Chinese items are scarce. Long lines to toast your bread yourself and chronic shortage of butter. If breakfast is not included in your package, go outside the hotel and look for the many eateries (near the Pearl Market) where you can have a great chinese breakfast for a couple of dollars only.This hotel is good for those who are on a tight budget and whose main goal is discount shopping at the Pearl Market, otherwise look for something more central.
content: very nice hotel We stayed at the Tiantan Hotel in Beijing from March 5-9, 2006. This is a very nice, clean hotel with excellent service. Although most of the staff speak very little English they do their best to accommodate. The rooms are very nicely decorated and each room had slippers and plush terry robes for our use. Other than the nicely appointed rooms probably the best feature of this hotel is it's convenient location to the Temple of Heaven, Tian An Men Square and the Forbidden City. It is also within a ten minute walk to the Pearl Market (awesome shopping!!). We ate at one of the two restuarants (Rainbow Cafe) and the food was awesome. They had a full American/Chinese breakfust buffet each morning that more than filled us for the day. You also have a full service spa/salon on the second floor. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  