location:Beijing, China
name:Beijing international hotel
content:Loved this hotel; many amenities and friendly English-speaking staff.	I lived in Beijing, at this hotel, for a total of 39 nights while working the Olympics. The staff was friendly and helpful from the moment I checked in. The rooms are comfortable and clean, and I appreciated the twice-daily housekeeping. The restaurant downstairs had a fabulous breakfast buffet which would please anyone as there were almost too many choices. The staff speaks excellent English, and the concierge even found a place for me to go play foosball one evening. As my stay was so long, the concierges did direct me to many places I needed to go, and were instrumental in making my stay a very comfortable one. I felt right at home and safe in this hotel. There is a money exchange right there in the lobby, and it is centrally located. I was able to walk to a very popular shopping area called Wafujing Street. (While you are on Wafujing Street, I suggest visiting Carpenter Tan's as they have some amazing wooden combs and jewelry. They do not barter there but their items are very good quality.) There is apparently a rotating restaurant atop the hotel, which was closed during my stay. Just a reminder to travelers don't drink the tap water or even brush your teeth in it. It's gritty. There are signs in your bathroon reminding you of this. The hotel did generously provide 2 bottles of water every day to the room. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again and am so glad this is where I was put up during such an extended stay.
content:Great location good service good food... comfortable	The spacious foyer when you first enter the hotel is glorious. Our room on the 13th floor ( number 13 is not unlucky in China) had a good view down towards Beijing Railway Station which was lit up like a Xmas tree and up and down the main drag. Convenient shopping centres opposite were a plus, together with 'Our Very Own Restaurant' just up the road, which was good and filling and very inexpensive and a bit eccentric...check out the pink tablecloths!The room was of average size, tastefully furnished with a beautiful marble bathroom with a shower and seperate bath. Room decor was typical hotel neutral tones. Bed was firm but comfortable. Plenty of room to spread out in the room.A word of warning: don't touch the mini bar - as expensive as any western hotel mini bar. Beer and snacks from the supermarket across the road were one tenth the price, about AUD$1 for a can of beer.The buffet lunch on the 28th floor was worth it, for both the view and the food. The breakfast room on the ground floor had a fantastic spread for breakfast - too much choice, almost!The staff were always courtious and helpful.
content:Great hotel and service location is awesome!	Of the three hotels I stayed in during our China tour, Beijing International was the best in staff service, comfortable rooms and breakfast buffet. We went through Friendly Planet's Taste of China and it was definitely worth the money. Unfortunately we had a lower floor so there wasn't much of a view but the floor to ceiling windows made the room feel even bigger, but I didn't spend much time in the rooms besides sleeping anyways. Since we were 3 in room, we had a cot which by cot standards wasn't bad at all. My friends took the beds and they had no complaints either. The bathroom was marble and very clean. The rooms were kept very clean the entire time and no noise disturbance. The American and Chinese items at the breakfast buffet were plentiful and very good. I have a very adaptable stomach so I was able to enjoy the foods I wouldn't normally see in a U.S. breakfast bar. My favorite was congee with pickeled vegetables and the mini seafood steamed buns. The best thing about this hotel is the staff service and location. The staff is very knowledgeable, and if you stick to the front desk staff, they speak English well and even if you're not sure of where you want to go and can't exactly remember how to say it in Chinese, they'll figure it out and even write it in Chinese for your taxi driver and in English for you. I had problems locating a wholesale eyeglass shop (much cheaper then home) I wanted to visit and the front desk was extremely patient and helpful in locating the store and the doormen explained to the taxi driver how to get there. Also, since most taxi drivers do not speak English, tell the doormen where you want to go and he'll translate and you're on your way. If the doormen doesn't know, he'll ask the front desk. Their location across the street from a good shopping mall that included a Watsons Pharmacy and an Internet Cafe, which I was extremely thankful for, was also very convenient. You can also walk to Wangfujing Street which took about 20 minutes and if you need the metro, its about 3 blocks away. We also ordered McDonald's to the room a couple times, delivery time no more than 10 minutes, the fries were still hot )
content:Just location nothing more!	We stayed there for 5 nights but it was disappointing for us. Beijing was our 3rd destination in China after Hangzhou and Shanghai, and obviously, Beijing Int'l hotel could not be compared with 2 other fantastic hotels we stayed at other cities. No advantage could be mentioned about the hotel other than its location. Staff in reception were not friendly and informative. Burned rubber smelling annoyed us everywhere in hotel. Bath tub draining of our room was poor and they did nothing to fix it at all. If I am supposed to go to Beijing again I will not stay at this hotel for sure.	
content:Great location	On the 28th floor there is a revolving restaurant, nice view but the food is plenty but not to my taste. Expensive business room and the swimming pool is not working. My personal opinion they trying to force you if you want swimming pool and sauna to use Spa center (and charge you heavily) because I asked for sauna and they told me that I can have only if I do massage in the spa center. I hate when they do that in 5 star hotels. The location of the hotel is great, a short walk away from the Forbidden City. For 5 star hotels is poor but as a hotel is great. Clean and nice rooms. Breakfast is tasteful and plenty (American and Chinese cuisine).

name:beijin sihe courtyard hotel
content:raditional chinese with great location and wonderful staff	Me, my husband and our two children visited Beijing in November 09. We stayed at this wonderful hotel. It had a really helpful staff, who helped us arrange one trip th the great wall (private driver 8.30-5 =700RMB) and write notes that said where we wanted to go in Beijing, since the taxi drivers donŽt understand english. We stayed in the VIP room, it was very spacious and clean. Breakfast was simple but good. The absolute best thing with this hotel is that it is located in a houtong, and it feels very traditional chinese. It is not one of those huge american hotels. When you walk outside the hotel you see how chinese people lives. We liked it a lot.
content:A good Place to stay in Beijing	A good place to stay with freinds or family with young children or teenagers, good services with speaking front officers, good foods for breakfasts both in Chinese and Western, clean and large rooms, beautiful courtyard, but not known much for taxisnear subway stations and easy going to tourist areas, be prepared for your map to find the hotel in Chinese for first arrival.
content:Lovely but a bit overpriced	Compared to hotel chains Sihe has its own personality beautiful courtyard, nice rooms equipped with the finest furniture. You can spend your time reading in the very peculiar garden, finding peace and armony. If you are willing to pay for this... Probably suitable for families with children who needs rest and space. We spent our days walking a lot so we didn't take advantage of these amenities.Located in a typical hutong, we always felt safe, no problem with taxi driver.Near to the famous Wangfujing street, within a walking distance to the underground (5-8 minutes).Staff is fantastic helpful in sorting out every kind of problem, satisfactory level of english.Only one downside the breakfast was quite poor.	
content:Great place to stay	Sihe Hotel is in one of Beijing's remaining Hutong's. You have to walk about 1/8 mile from the main road, because cabs do not like to go down the narrow alley (they &quot;might get stuck&quot; between other cars). It is an interesting walk thru an old Beijing neighborhood. The hotel will arrange transportation if you request. We felt very safe in the area. Buses are on the main road, the subway is about 1/8 mile up the road &amp; there is a large grocery/dry goods store across from the subway entrance.The hotel is great, the staff is friendly &amp; extremely helpful. The place is not fancy but very clean, has AC, comfortable beds, and good (western) bathroom facilities. Sitting in a semi-private courtyard is nice. Rooms are of different sizes, ours was a little small, but that was OK. Breakfast is good.We really enjoyed Sihe Courtyard Hotel &amp; will recommend it to anyone. If we were to go back to Beijing we would stay there again.
content:A quiet haven in the hutong	We stayed here for three days in April and found it to be a peaceful and comfortable haven with friendly and helpful staff.; a refreshing change from the usual large, characterless 'chain' hotels. We had an 'executive' room which was large and airy with four- poster bed; some of the standard roms did look a little 'compact' if staying for more than a day or two. Although access by taxi can sometimes be difficult, depending on the willingness of the driver to venture down the narrow road, it is only a 5 minute walk from the main road, and a 10 minute walk from a subway station, from which the main tourist spots can be reached. Although the hutong streets are dark at night, at no time did we feel threatened when walking through them. Food is good and you are really made to feel welcome. Thoroughly recommended if you want to try and get near to a 'chinese' hotel experience (with free internet access!)

name:china_beijing_crowne_plaza_hotel_zhongguancun
content:Very nice especially Club Lounge.We stayed here for over a week as family member is living a subway stop away. Club Lounge was convenient and concierge Michelle was terrific. Hotel is 45 minutes or so from city center but subway nearby-take left going out of hotel. At big mall near Carrefours (go left out of hotel, take right on first big street Zhongguancun &amp; go on left side of street) there are modern restaurants which are very good Bellagio, Middle 8. Also a 7/11. If you go left on Zhongguancun from hotel, there is Three Guizhou Men for dumplings. All three are modern and well known. Better yet try Ghost Street and Huajia Yiyuan as suggested by Michelle.	
content: Amazing hotel	As funny as it might sound, one of my favorite things about this hotel was coming in the front doors and feeling the coolness and smelling the fresh, softly scented air in the hotel's lobby. It just felt so good to be staying there. The room was huge, including a huge bathroom. One of the best parts is that the room was SILENT. We were exhausted on this trip and were so grateful for quality sleep. The hotel's breakfast buffet was abundant and delicious, and was a great way to start our day. The whole hotel is very well appointed with quality, stylish materials. The staff was truly nice and helpful. I have to agree with other comments about taxis not knowing where this place is, though. Even with my Chinese friends speaking to the drivers, there always seemed to be a discussion about where the hotel is. That being said, we always go where we were going. HIGHLY recommended if you don't mind taking a cab to your destination.
content:Fantastic Hotel and Staff!	My wife and I stayed in this hotel from May 29th to June 1st, 2009. We were very impressed with everything in the hotel. It's brand-new and the staff were fantastic, extremely friendly and really went out of their way to make us feel welcome and to see we were well cared for. We were able to get a great &quot;special&quot; rate on the hotel website. We only paid RMB 603/night and we had a great room. It was very large, the bathroom was huge, and the bed was fabulous.The hotel is located close to Qinghua University and the Qinghua Science Park, where we were doing some training over the weekend, so it is in a very convenient location if you need to be near the Science Park. The food in the main floor restaurant, where we ate one dinner and three buffet breakfasts, was okay, although we would not say it was fantastic. However, the service in the restaurant was super, especially a young female server named Ethel was super friendly. She remembered our names and called us by them each morning when she saw us in the restaurant. Actually, as I have already mentioned, all of the staff were just super. We can't say enough about this hotel, we would absolutely stay there again when in Beijing for business
content:fabulous hotel	hotel seemed quite new, taxi driver dont know the location,but all in all its a fantastic stay,all staff really nice,our room was large and comfortable and very clean,the food is really good ,I had business lunch and dimsum in chinese restaurant called rouge,its quite something different , very good value for money.	
content:enjoyed the stay	I spent a week in the Crowne Plaza Zhongguancun. I found the rooms to be very comfortable, quiet, and overall a very positive experience. None of the taxis I took knew where it was, and I believe this is the first review of this property on TripAdvisor - I learned when I arrived that it had only been open for 1 month! They were still working on a few of the floors, and neither the pool or spa were open. The food was quite good - I only experienced the (abundant) breakfast buffet and roomservice, but I understand there are several restaurants. Service in general was a bit spotty, not just in the restaurant, but all around, as the staff seemed quite new, and English was a little weak for a number of the employees. That said, they sure tried hard!The neighborhood immediately around the hotel doesn't seem to have much to offer, so I was glad I had the comfort and fast internet connection in the hotel as a distraction!I would recommend staying here for anyone with business in this part of Beijing. However, if you business needs are across town, be forewarned that traffic can be atrocious!	

name:china_beijing_hilton_beijing
content:Amazing time in Beijing	Whilst in Beijing i had realised i had booked the wrong Hilton back in the UK. Instead of the hilton near the imperial palace i had booked this hotel. Initially being cross with this mistake the anger went out the window once we had arrived at Hilton Beijing. The hotel was amazing! the staff were so friendly and attentive without being overbearing which is sometimes the case in 5 star hotels. Will deffinately return when back in Beijing
content:Good Stay.Comfortable stay. The rooms are decent sized, the staff is pretty helpful and provided with early check in without any hassles. Hard Rock Cafe is walking distance . 	
content:comfortable stay.I just stayed one night in transit for work. The room was very comfortable with all the usual modern amenities. Excellent toiletries. Room service was usual medium-high prices with solid food. Internet is a bit expensive. The gym is very big with good equipment, with a slightly dated feel. Breakfast was very good but the restaurant was so full that there was a wait -- not convenient especially if there for business and in a rush. Service was excellent at reception; staff were harried in the restaurant. Overall a very nice stay. I would consider going back, but Beijing has far too many nice boutique hotels (I stayed at the Hotel G for 2 nights and it was fantastic).
content:Old vs New.I stayed at this Hilton about 10 years ago and was concerned about staying at the hotel again. The renovations made to this hotel for the Olympics proved pleasurable and impressive. Being a Diamond HH member I was upgraded to the executive wing. I was impressed with the entire executive lounge services and the hotel room was fantastic. This executive lounge is like an entire hotel with a large atrium. My guess, however, is that the older wing of the hotel is not as impressive. I suggest trying to upgrade if at all possible.During the entire stay I was pleased with the service at the restaurants, front desk and bars. If you are adventurous and head out on your own and hope to take a taxi back to the hotel I suggest that you carry a map of the city with the hotels location clearly marked for the taxi driver to see and understand. The card provided by the hotel was not enough for many taxi drivers. The hotel is a main hotel in Beijing, but taxi drivers seem inept in finding their way around the city. And, be cautious as many drivers will attempt to charge a foreigner 8 to 10 times more than they charge a local.I would stay at this hotel again.
content:Good functional hotel.Great location - helpful staff, most of who speak some degree of English. Rooms are modern. If possible stay at the Executive wing, which has many free ammenities including a great breakfast buffet and a tempting cocktail hour. Breakfast buffet in the restaurant is a treat as well.

name:china_beijing_grand_view_garden_hotel
content:Terrible hotel terrible staff	Stayed at Grand View Garden Hotel end of March with family. At first the hotel appeared to be clean but on inspection bathrooms were not cleansed properly, hair was evident from the previous customer. Breakfast was a lovely if you were allowed in breakfast area. With the excuse of a full breakfast area ( even though room would not be half filled). Every morning the hotel staff would send asian origin customers to an alternate breakfast area at the back of the hotel where it was cold, little choice of food and lack of staff and no cuttery avaliable. Western customers were allowed to enter the main breakfast area even though I was told prior to them that the room was full. When asked for an explanation, the hotel staff (Jenny) ignored me and pretended that she did not understand, waving her hand to gesture me to leave. Overall very dissappointed with this hotel and never stay there again.
content:A reasonable hotel	You might end up staying here if you book the 3 star tour with Wendy wu, The hotel does all the important stuff well - rooms are clean and food okay. It could be better with a little more attention to detail - the bathrooms are a little tatty and i spotted the odd loose telephone wire. I agree the Internet cost is high. I though that the business services secretary would have a better command of English than the chinese average but this did not prove to be the case - i am not sure how she would have coped with typing up a letter or two.	
content:Average accommodation overpriced extras	Stayed 3 nights with a tour group. Was tour group standard. Rooms OK, Breakfast OK. Even though inside city moat, too far from anywhere.Ridiculously high prices in Hotel Bar (ie bottle of beer in bar was 15times local store price and 4 times local restaurant price)Also they wanted 1.8yuan PER MINUTE of internet access. Found local internet bar for 3yuan per hour.
content:grand view garden hotel Beijing	Stayed in this hotel with my husband and 2 children as the start of our china holiday tour,we had previously spent 3 nights in the holiday inn central. The Grand view was not a very nice place to stay not only was the carpet stained all over the hotel it was also very run down. The hotel room was dirty the bathroom had mold growing in the sealant and black hair on the shower wall, the mini bar was empty even though we had paid a deposit for it and it took 2 days for them to fill it ! We had booked an interconnecting room but instead we had rooms down the corridor from each other and they would not change them and could not speak english when we tried to sort it out. The hotel boasts a bowling alley but that was dismantled years ago and the night club is more like private rooms for karaoke ! The food at the hotel was average even the chinese food was average let alone the american. When we left we had bites around our ankles ( not very nice)Overall i would not stay here again, i would stay at the holiday inn central Beijing which was wonderful	
content:Nice Hotel.A lovely hotel, very comfortable rooms - ours had an outlook of the courtyard and others in our group looked out into the gardens. Beds were the most comfortable of the trip. Breakfasts were very busy and staff were not able to keep up with the needs of the customers, the coffee machine broke down every day and we always had to go in search of cutlery and napkins. Food served was nice though and the 'egg chef' cooked a mean omlette. We were able to check in early which was a nice touch having just gotten off the train from Xi'an (11 hours) and able to freshen up and eat breakfast. Check out was a nightmare, very disorganised. Our tour guide received a phone call advising of all sorts of issues after check out such as missing keys and unpaid bills - everyone had paid and returned their keys the hotel just had no idea what was going on. Plus, the most disappointing thing was that there was no complimentary bottled water (as promised by the tour guide/operator) - we had to pay 8 yuan a bottle (special price). This was the only hotel on the tour where this occurred and it was supposed to be a 4 star hotel.

name:china_beijing_joy_city_hotel
content:Room is OK service horrible	I booked my room trough latestays.com . They didnt like that I had the lowest rate possible .They let me know that when checking in by being extremely rude. Staff is very unhelpfull here. Staff does not speak english only chinese. Some speak very little english but dont actually understand a word you say. Only if you keep it very very simple they might understand you but even then usually they wont. Rooms dont get cleaned on a daily basis . Someone of the cleaning staff comes in your room and pretends to clean it. Not even your bed gets made up properly. If you can get the lowest possible rate and you have to be in this area you can stay here. Aslong as you dont minde the rude staff and except for the room you dont need anything from the hotel. I should aslo mention that the hotel is very loud . You can hear the people in the room next to you and you can hear people in the hallways making lots of noises .
content:A perfect stay	My husband and I stayed there for several nights right after Chinese new year. I asked my brother to book through http//www.ctrip.com/. The rate was 398/night, quite reasonable for standard room and we were upgraded to a business suite. The suite is modern and clean. There is a bedroom and a living room with open kitchen. I actually invited friends to come and have a cup of tea before dining out. Location is perfect, close to subway and airport bus, 5 to 10 minutes walk. There are several shopping malls around with nice restaurants. It was a perfect stay and great value for the money.
content:In need of housekeeping!	I stayed there for 10 days in May. I had a large &amp; bright corner room but the place is not as clean as one would expect. Mildew around the tiles in the shower and dozens of greassy fingerprints on the door were the most obvious. I complained to reception but didn't see much difference. By the way, reception was not the most efficient except for a young german lady. It took them 2 days &amp; a lot of explanations to understand I was not checking out but only moving from a solo traveler status to part of a group.It's too bad because the nearby subway station &amp; the adjacent huge shopping mall with 3 storeys of restaurants make the location interesting.	
content:valuable hotel in Beijing	I booked this hotel though a china travel website. We stayed 4 nights in there. The hotel is better than our expectations. First, it upgraded as business room for double bed. The room is clean, big and good in fecilities. The services is acceptable. At least, they respond quickly to my request. The quality of breakfast is fairly good, the staff pick off the dishes as well. The kettle is dirty and carpet is dirty. Location is excellent. The bell-boy can speck English.
content:Quiet clean comfortable	My children and I enjoyed staying in this hotel over the Christmas period. The rooms were clean, warm and roomy.They had all the necesary amenities in the room. Our holiday package included breakfast. And again, my children and I enjoyed the great variety of breakfast put out by the hotel. However, the restaurant were pretty packed during breakfast and they didn't have enough waiters and waitresses to clear the tables.One thing, do not lose your room key card. A member of our tour group lost her card and had to pay RMB50 to get a new one.	

name:china_beijing_kapok_hotel
content:Nice hotel.	Check-in at hotel hotel was a breeze as the staffs were fast, friendly and efficient. Rooms were nice and look exactly as seen from the pictures. Its also seems that this hotel is quite popular with tourists as I understand from the staff that all rooms were fully booked during our stay there.Walking distance from Tiananmendong subway, Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, Wangfujing etc. Convenience stores just opposite the hotel, local eateries nearby where you can have your breakfast along the way as you walk towards the subway.Cozy room and comfortable beds, good range of amenities provided by the hotel. Overall a comfortable stay at a reasonable price. On the negative side, housekeeping service seems inconsistent. Sometimes the housekeeping staff just forgets to replace our toilet paper and we had to call housekeeping to ask for it. On another day, they might forget to empty our rubbish bins etc. One day, we even got the laundry lady knocking on our door which we find annoying.	
content:Good location good restaurant  awful staff	Almost nobody speaks English at this Hotel, and that is a problem for everything. The rooms are OK . we paid for the room with garden but we got the room on the sixth floor and just watch the garden from above ... the garden was on fifth floor.
content:Clean hotel with certain charm. Good location and value.	A mid-sized modern hotel with facade that's been themed after bamboos, Kapok is within walkable (~15 min) distance from Subway line 1 Tiananmen East station, Wangfujing station, and line 5 Dengshikou station. Situated near Donhuamen (East gate) of the Forbidden Palace and Wangfujing, it's location-wise competitive and can cost a whole lot less than the larger hotels that are even closer to Subway stations.The hotel is built and furnished with certain design elements that separate it from the run-of-the-mill chains; its interior has glass walls that give a sense of space while in corridors, there are sprinklings of mini-gardens, and the glass-walled bathrooms have rather stylish fixtures. All in all they make for an interesting experience, though not always comfortable (bathrooms could've been designed with more human ergonomics in mind). Rooms are generally clean, except for some mildew on the silicons at shower space. A Fashion room on 3rd floor facing the roads weren't so noisy. Maybe we were lucky. Maids were very friendly and accommodating. The front desk personnels have varying degree of competence, friendliness, and English capabilities.Though not exactly within &quot;easy&quot; walking distance from subway stations, you can go east through Donganmen St for less than five minutes then turn south to Wangfujing for eating and shopping. There are two McDonald's for quick breakfasts. To go to Tiananmen or the Forbidden Palace, go west then turn South to Nanchizi St, which has a few good (though humble-looking) Chinese restaurants that open early and have English menu. We wouldn't eat at the hotel restaurants. Cheap and good breakfasts are available ay nearby eateries, and for dinner, there are hordes of very good restaurants in Wangfujing. There are also a couple of convenience stores to each side of the hotel for stocking up on water and snacks (one near the Donghuamen-Nanchizi junction, and one near the Donganmen-Wangfujing junction).In conclusion, we think this hotel offers a very competitive combination of good location, clean accommodation, nearby nightlife, and attractive price. We do recommend this hotel.
content:great location worth a stay	We stayed for two lots of three nights and therefore sampled two courtyard rooms. They were modern and clean. Everything, including the toilet, worked well, and the bed, although firm, was soft enough for us. Breakfasts were OK with a reasonable range. The big plus was the hotel's excellent location very close to the Forbidden city and walking distance to the subway (which we used extensively to get around). The only hitch was the first night when we arrived and were told there was a 'problem' . Despite us having paid in full we were bumped by a group staying an extra night. The manager rectified the problem to our satisfaction by upgrading us to a higher starred hotel with a king bed for the night and providing free breakfasts for the remainder of our first stay.
content:This hotel is wonderful	I stay here a couple of weeks ago and I have to say I am quite impressed. I had a bit of trouble locating it via public transportation however. The hotel is well situated, modern and well kept. It's close to all the main attractions and the service is great. You get a lot of amenities in the room as well. The room was spacious for two people. It's aout a 15 minute walk to the metro, however being from NYC, I did not mind at all. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Beijing. You are right around the corner from the Forbidden City, directly next to Dragonfly (wonderful massages for cheap) and less than a block from the Donghuamen night market.In case anyone needs directions from the Wangfujing subway stop (I sent them to my friend who met me 3 days after I arrived)Once you get to Wangfujing, make sure you exit at the LAST stairwell toward the FRONT of the train. Use exit C (South West exit). Once at street level start walking left on Wangfujing Daje. You will see a McDonalds sign; walk toward the McDonalds. You will stay on Wangfujing Daje for about 3 Avenues Distance. Walk all the way until you hit Donghuamen Dajie. There will be a Kappa store and if you turn right you'll see a Hagaan Daz icecream. Turn LEFT. Walk away from the ice cream store. Stay on the left hand side of the road and you'll walk about 2-3 Avenues on Donghuamen. You'll cross a large intersection and will see the Jade Garden Hotel. Keep walking and Hotel Kapok is right on the left. It's about a 15-20 minute walk.

name:china_beijing_bamboo_garden_hotel
content:A hidden gem	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the start of our holiday and again for 3 nights before returning to the UK. We chose this hotel as a change from the main chain hotels in Beijing which we have stayed in on previous visits.This is a lovely hotel within reasonable walking distance, through the hutongs, to the lakes Houhai &amp; Quanhai. The metro line is a short walk from the hotel and taxis are cheap and plentiful on the main road near to the hotel.Despite being in a very busy part of Beijing the hotel is exceptionally quite and peaceful. We had a suite on the ground floor (room 407). The bed was giantic but, as with most Chinese beds, quite hard. The pillows were the best pillows I have ever slept on and the linen was spotlessly clean as were the rooms.The lounge room furntiure was classical Chinese carved wood, gorgeous to look at but not the most comfortable to sit on. We had a computer in the room with free internet acess which was a bonus. The rooms and the bathroom were spotless. Due to the position of our room there was not a lot of natural light.Breakfast was included in our deal and was ok. The main problem was that some of the food was not hot, in fact somtimes not even warm. That said there was a very good variety and the staff were helpful and friendly.All the staff were very helpful and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't wish to stay in a tall, concrete block where every room is the same.
content:All we were hoping for was there	I booked this hotel based on the reviews I read on Tripadvisor and I found everything I was looking for. The place is beautiful, clean and ideally located, close to the subway (which is very easy to use and gets you quickly anywhere in the city center) and to a number of lovely little restaurants where you can enjoy amazing dinners for less than 10 dollars. The staff is helpful and the frontdesk service impeccable all of them proved to be attentive and exceedingly kind ( they helped us book restaurants and wrote directions in Chinese for us to show in case we got lost). Besides you get a very good exchange rate for your currency (much better than the one you get at the airport). We also booked from them a taxi service from the airport to the hotel. It wasn't cheap (150 yuan when you would usually pay 60) but we were extremely pleased with it. The driver met us at the arrival gate and we managed to check in without any problem 20 minutes after claiming our luggage - which is good after a 12-hour-long flight. The hutong location is fascinating and absolutely safe. We tried the dumplings place next door recommended by one of the reviewers. It doesn't look very inviting from the outside (the decor is indeed basic) but it is always packed with locals for a good reason the food is delicious (expect to pay around 5 dollars for your meal).The computer (with free broadband internet) available in every rooms is also very useful.
content:The Very Best	This was just a wonderful experience staying at this hotel.The experience did not start out well as I arrived at night and the taxi driver could not locate the lane that the hotel is situated in. When the lane was found it was blocked by a truck and car so we had to walk with our luggage the last part of the lane.This was the only negative to our stay.This is a small hotel in a historic building. The room was excellentwith modern facilities looking out onto spacious gardens.All of the staff were very attentive and spoke very good English. Front office was very helpful and quickly attended to onward bookings, money changingand sightseeing suggestions etc.The only meals that I had at the hotel was breakfasts and these were excellent, freshly cooked eggs and bacon and a wide selection of both Chinese and Western Foods.The location of the hotel is great with a great number of restaurants very close by. A must try is the Le Little Saigon which is very close by and is an excellent restaurant providing both French and Vietnamese dishes.Nearby are both subway, bus and many taxis.It is convenient to many local attractions including The Forbidden City. A walk to the nearby lake is a must.This hotel is truly a hidden gem and I will return.
content:Very pleased with our choice!	We were just delighted with the Bamboo Garden Hotel! The gardens are lovely and our room nicely decorated and comfortable. We enjoyed our stay very much. The food at the hotel restaurant was delicious. Be forewarned, the first time you walk down the alleyway to the hotel you might think you've made a big mistake. You haven't! You will be very pleasantly surprised as to what awaits you.The ladies at the front desk are helpful and efficient, but not exactly warm or charming. Perhaps just a cultural difference.It is close to the subway and just a little way to the south there is a terrific park with lakeside eating choices. Wishing you a great time in Beijing!
content:Memorable hotel	We stayed in Bamboo Garden Hotel during the Beijing leg of our China Tour primarily because we don't want generic looking hotels so much and we were not disappointed. It is located in the Hotungs and not very &quot;famous&quot; with taxi drivers but they were always helpful and we were able to go back no problem with help of the hotel card. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Simple service that feels genuine and none of those super trained 5 star hotel types. We went together with our 11 month old and 3 yr old kids. The staff were very kind and entertained them while we are waiting for some reception confirmation, taxi etc. The rooms are ok, clean with huge firm beds. My baby didn't like the crib they provided though( too small) so she slept with us. The huge bed was great!My 3 year old son loved the hotel so much. It's look, it's garden , with the blue birds and especially the red lanterns at night. Until now he still talks about the Bamboo Hotel and asks us to go back )For my husband the best part is the massage. Really relaxing after a day of touring. The in room computer is also great as we didn't have room to bring our laptop with all the kiddie gear we had. There are several small eateries around but we didn't get to try them. The drumtower is also nearby and from the drumtower other places of interest are a stroll away. Definitely a good location especially if you love walking or biking around. We did not walk so much though with 2 kids in tow. But taxi was not hard to come by )

name:china_beijing_jw_marriott_hotel_beijing
content:Huge suite pity about service level	The suite was very generously proportioned, one of the biggest I have ever seen in Asia. There was a separate entrance area (with powder room), then the living room with study desk (and 50 inch flat screen), and then the bedroom (and 42 inch flat screen), and the bathroom (with in-wall 10 inch TV screen above the bath). The feel was very modern (similar to Mandarin Oriental HK), but still fairly comfy. The suite was by far bigger than suites at both Peninsula and Grand Hyatt Beijing. Despite the marketing moniker of CBD (Central Business District), its Hua Mao location is somewhat to the east of town (next to 3rd Ring Road) would be ideal if you had something going on at that conference area or Guo Mao (China World Trade Centre) or really liked visiting the nearby latest super glitzy Shin Kong shopping centre. If most of your activities are elsewhere (e.g. Wangfujing or Financial St), then you should look elsewhere. The downfall of JW Marriott (bear in mind there are 5 Marriotts in Beijing) is that for some strange reason, there are huge gaps in their service level. Requests to clean the room within a certain 2 hour time-frame (e.g. 9 to 11am) were never met (2 days in a row, despite loud complaints), requests for 8 bottles of water always resulted in only 6, the concierge was a strange fiefdom to itself, with very arbitrary quality of responses, from the very casual (&quot;Oh, I think that restaurant should be ok, I read a newspaper article about it a few years ago&quot;). Very strange. Despite the 5 star rating, I have to say that sadly the service level is about 3.5 stars. I actually cut my stay short to move to Grand Hyatt Beijing at Oriental Place. To JW Marriott's credit, they didn't seek to charge me for the night that I checked out at 8pm. Needless to say, I won't be returning
content:AMAZING	We're ready to go back! This hotel has such an amazing feel--you'd think you were somewhere very high end! It shares the grounds with the Ritz and it's in the Bank District. The room was huge-more than enough room for two people. Nice desk area; huge bathroom with a separate bathtub and shower. The tub has a tv mounted above it to watch. We found the staff to be very gracious and helpful. We're definitely staying here on our next trip to Beijing!	
content:Better than the Ritz in my opinion.	I had the privilege of staying both at the Ritz Carlton Beijing and JW Marriott Beijing on two separate occassions. The Ritz is very Victorian and elegant in its decor, while the Marriott is modern chic with dark lighting.But here's why I like the JW Marriott better 1. The room might be just a teeny weeny bit smaller in measurement compared to the Ritz, but it feels bigger. Maybe it's because the bathroom comes with a see-thru glass panel instead of a wall (at the Ritz), so it feels gigantic.2. Breakfast - more variety than the Ritz3. The French restaurant served the best steak I had in a long whileBut having said that, the Ritz is wonderful too in its own right. The function rooms at the Ritz are generally nicer than the JW Marriott, but if you're going on a vacation, that's the least of your concerns)
content:Wonderful Beijing	Beijing was a surprise for my husvand and me. We stayed at the JW Marriott Hotel which was outstanding. Our room had a huge modern bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and separate shower. Tea service and bottled water every day. The stak house restaurant was very good as wasa the sevice. We were walking distance to a huge shopping mall and a bus ride away from the Forbidden City. We walked the Forbidden City for hours . The city mixes both the ancient and the modern and is easy to get around.We went to a silk factory and a tea ceremony as well as eating in one opf the houses in the Houtong area. We took a ride in a pedicab.
content:high class hotel for business trips	I stayed at the JW Marriott for 4 nights for a conference, this is a new, classy hotel with very high quality rooms and facilities (spa is very good). Very quiet, the location is near the large road which crosses all of Beijing's &quot;traffic rings&quot;, there's a mall near by and to get to the Forbiden City, attractions and markets you only need to take a taxi for 10-20 minutes (depends on the traffic). Highly recommended!

name:china_beijing_holiday_inn_chang_an_west
content: love the hotel	Now I'm living in this hotel nearly three weeks . I feel it is a good place if your take your leisure trip. It provides good service , delicious food, nice toom, especially the convenient traffic. If you are a tourist, there are many traffic tools you can choose to get to your destination. At last, I have to mention that my friends Grace recommends me the hotel. The hotel make my tour much more colourful .Here, Thanks her a lot.
content:Our home in Beijing	We have stayed here each April for 2 weeks for the past 3 years , as we explore BeijingAlthough it is not close to the centre of Beijing, it is on the main road and also the subway (a trip on which we feel is part of the experience). It is also well placed , being on the 4th ring road, to the summer palace , and the great wall. The rooms are large and quiet and has free internet in the rooms along with a nice breakfast buffet that caters for all nationalities. (best to try and have this included in your package). The gym and pool are well appointed and kept very clean The staff are friendly and it well priced compared to the hotels in the city centre.
content:Very Nice Holiday Inn	Stayed in Holiday Inn Chang An West for three nights in Beijing. This particular hotel is a bit far off from the center. It is in the southwestern edge of the city and at least 30 minutes from popular areas such as Wangfujing and the Forbidden City. However, there is a subway station around 10 minutes walk from the hotel.To be honest, I was initially not expecting much from a Holiday Inn. However, I can probably say that this hotel is of four star quality. Though the interiors weren't any different from other places, this hotel gave off a pretty good ambiance. It could be because it was a relatively new hotel when I stayed there. The staff were helpful and gave me tips on where to go in the city. They knew how to speak good English. Maps of the city were also readily available in the counter.The rooms were very clean, well-appointed and most importantly, spacious. Standard amenities were included (toiletries, slippers, etc). High-speed internet was also available in the room, though it was certainly not free. I had to call for a technician to set-up my Apple laptop for internet use. Service was prompt and my laptop was ready for in no time. The breakfast buffet was okay. It was nothing special and the variety was pretty average. Aside from the usual Western fare (bacon, scrambled egg, etc), they also had some standard Chinese breakfast items such as congee, salted vegetables, etc.This is a good hotel overall. The only real downside is that it is a bit far from the center. Next time I am in Beijing, I would probably stay elsewhere simply because of convenience. Nevertheless, I still recommend the Holiday Inn Chang An for the traveler looking for good value but not really keen on a city center location.
content:Nice Rooms	Stayed in Beijing for Business - had 3 rooms on the Executive Club floor. Service was good. Rooms were great - very large and clean. Bathroom was also very good. I had a seperate shower unit from the bathtub but that is not in every room. In room safe is handy. Executive Club offers 4 pieces free laundry per day which is nice for an extended stay. Free internet was good for business. Food was poor. Breakfast was good (custom made eggs) but lunch and dinner in the buffet restaurant was very poor. Very few Western or European dishes despite the restaurant being called Florence. Mainly Chinese food. Tried the satay in the bar but it was very tough. Red curry chicken in the Thai restaurant was good. Elevators slow in the morning but good bell hop service and access to cabs.	
content:Nice Holiday Inn	I just returned from a trip to China. First went to Beijing. There I met with a friend. We toke the airport bus to the hotel, and were dropped close to the hotel. We were in the Holiday Inn Chang An West and indeed it was a very good hotel. With swimmingpool and good massages for the body. But the temperature off the water is not so warm, 25-28 C.,so most of the time we had the whole pool for ourselves.But everything is wonderfully done and very clean.The breakfast was very tasty and western. The girls from the hotel where very helpfull and nice.The location of this hotel is on the west side of Beijing and with the metro, wich is 10 minutes walk from the hotel, you can get everywhere, cheap and quickly. If you get tired of huge Beijing you just take a taxi to the hotel for not so much money, or a bike.At the end of the street, where the hotel is situated, you have a whole street of restaurants, where you can eat cheap, good, clean and very interresting food.The hotel rooms were nice and clean, with a good shower and bad.

name:ascott_beijing
content: great room layout service value-would definitely return	we stayed in a 3 bedroomed-suite which was well furnished and the staff perfect hosts. they even organised a birthday cake for my Mum (we were all there to celebrate).could organise for massages manicures in our suite, perfect for relaxing.located in the CBD so not great for tourists but plenty of remarkably good valued restaurants nearby.	
content: A quality hotel with quality service	We stayed at the Ascott Beijing this summer for 1 week in a family of 5. It is centrally located. When you are a european with kids staying for a few days it is ideal to have a fully equipped kitchen and a big Wal-Mart nearby. We had a modern and spacious apartment with a big LCD flat television. The service was really good and important for us not speaking the language we never had to wait for a taxi and they always provided info for our directions.We would definitely return!	
content: clean rooms good location poor service	check-in my friends are i arrived from different countries @ different times and were greeted in the same lousy way. the bellboy did not help with luggage. the doorman did not open door. and the receptionist took more than 5 minutes to greet us with no smile despite having no other guest in the lobby. in sum, not pleasant.room we had the 2 bedroom suite. very spacious and comfy with all basic amenities. bathroom was spacious with separate bathtub and shower area equipped with l'occitaine toiletries. but they do not provide us with new ones even tho we have finished them. we had to ask the receptionist/concierge TWICE before getting more toiletries to shower. the washing machine is brilliant, but the 4 of us were not clever enough to work out how to wash and dry the 4 days we were there. Ended up doing the laundry by hand. location central and within walking distance to the train station and food places. slight difficulty getting a taxi tho. 7eleven is just round the corner. and there's a starbucks on the ground floor.breakfast small but good spread with standard egg station, fruits, breads and some local congee and hot food.massage/spa we had massage and Chinese pedicure there. pedicurist is a man who told us how maggie cheung went there for a massage a while ago. quality of massage and pedicure was average.	
content: Amazing find for a group that wants to stick together	We did a lot of searching before finally deciding to stay at the Ascott in Beijing. I was a bit nervous since it would be my first trip to China and I know little about the best place to stay. This ended up being the perfect choice. We had 7 people traveling together and booked the 3 room suite/apartment. We comfortable slept everyone. The 2.5 bathrooms worked well for our group. We also loved having a kitchen to be able to have a little choice about what we ate. We wish there would have been a grocery store closer by, although we made good use of the 7 eleven across the street. The in-room washer and dryer were also definitely a plus and there was plenty of space for lounging around.Some have complained about the internet. As far as wireless goes you can pick some up, but I wouldn't count on it. We did have 2 wired connections though so we just shared them and made do. We weren't in China for the internet anyway so we didn't care too much.The hotel staff went above and beyond to accommodate us. I left my passport in the taxi upon arrival and the moment I told them they got right on top of tracking it down for me.For added convenience there is also a Subway restaurant attached to the hotel. This may sound silly to most people, but after 2 weeks in china I was ready to put something a bit more familiar to me in my stomach and that hit the spot. Across the street you can find a Chinese food restaurant that will deliver to your hotel room. We had breakfast included in our stay which was a great way to start each morning.The hotel is less than a 5 minute walk to the subway entrance and maybe a 10-15 minute walk to the silk market and other nearby sights. All in all the hotel was very clean and the service was great. It is a wonderful deal for how nice the accommodations are and I would highly recommend it to anyone.	
content: Good Value for large family - Internet connection prob not hotel's fault	Great for large families! We grabbed a large 3 bedroom for 6 adults and 2 kids. Great room - my chinese inlaws really liked the kitchen and washer/dryer. Big thumbs up from them. Large LCD tv was also in heavy rotation. Had a nice kids movie with popcorn and the works every Friday. Internet was down for several days (the hotel's guest room ISP had an issue), however the GM allowed us use of the conference center internet which was a different ISP as soon as he was aware. Prob solved. If you are looking for Casa Mia, it closed, however Annie's Italian is opening soon right across the street. I've never tried Casa Mia but Annie's is a great chain with excellent service, good value, great food. Also tried the subway and curry rest in the building all fine. Gym facilities were awesome - full Cybex, freeweights and treadmills with LCDs. The breakfast buffet actually improved during our stay, and we were asked for ideas to make it better. The kids room is more oriented towards toddlers - small ball pit and other basic toys. 5 and 8 yo with us enjoyed the pool more - decent temps and very clean. If you stay here, learn how to get to Walmart, its faster to walk than taxi, and they have all of the essentials at good prices. Everybody bought a lot of our local food souveniers there. The main lacking of this hotel is that it's not a tourist hotel. You'll have to do most of the homework on your own. Find a local guide and hire them like we did.

name:hotel_beijing
content:Amazing time in Beijing	Whilst in Beijing i had realised i had booked the wrong Hilton back in the UK. Instead of the hilton near the imperial palace i had booked this hotel. Initially being cross with this mistake the anger went out the window once we had arrived at Hilton Beijing. The hotel was amazing! the staff were so friendly and attentive without being overbearing which is sometimes the case in 5 star hotels. Will deffinately return when back in Beijing.
content:Fantastic hotel	My husband and I inadvertently ended up staying here due to the Hilton Wangfujing being closed for three days over the 60 years of Communist rule celebrations. However, we were more than happy with this hotel.The location is a bit far away from the big tourist attractions but there is a subway station two minutes away which is easy to navigate, clean and cheap. On the plus side, it is close to the Lufthansa Centre, a Starbucks and a fantastic expat supermarket.Rooms are fairly standard but clean and certainly nothing to complain about. Staff are incredibly friendly and very helpful. Excellent standard of English.Breakfast is a standard hotel breakfast, but again nothing to complain about.
content: comfortable stay	I just stayed one night in transit for work. The room was very comfortable with all the usual modern amenities. Excellent toiletries. Room service was usual medium-high prices with solid food. Internet is a bit expensive. The gym is very big with good equipment, with a slightly dated feel. Breakfast was very good but the restaurant was so full that there was a wait -- not convenient especially if there for business and in a rush. Service was excellent at reception; staff were harried in the restaurant. Overall a very nice stay. I would consider going back, but Beijing has far too many nice boutique hotels (I stayed at the Hotel G for 2 nights and it was fantastic).
content: Old vs New	I stayed at this Hilton about 10 years ago and was concerned about staying at the hotel again. The renovations made to this hotel for the Olympics proved pleasurable and impressive. Being a Diamond HH member I was upgraded to the executive wing. I was impressed with the entire executive lounge services and the hotel room was fantastic. This executive lounge is like an entire hotel with a large atrium. My guess, however, is that the older wing of the hotel is not as impressive. I suggest trying to upgrade if at all possible.During the entire stay I was pleased with the service at the restaurants, front desk and bars. If you are adventurous and head out on your own and hope to take a taxi back to the hotel I suggest that you carry a map of the city with the hotels location clearly marked for the taxi driver to see and understand. The card provided by the hotel was not enough for many taxi drivers. The hotel is a main hotel in Beijing, but taxi drivers seem inept in finding their way around the city. And, be cautious as many drivers will attempt to charge a foreigner 8 to 10 times more than they charge a local.I would stay at this hotel again.
content: What a Trip!	Before resigning from my position as a flight attendant, my husband &amp; I traveled to China for the 1st time and had an unbelievable time! The Hilton is a great place to stay! From the clean rooms to the english cards that directed taxi drivers to your destinations (my sister speaks Mandarin but I do not...), to the friendly staff, our trip was wonderful. Our visits to the Pearl Market, Forbidden City, The Great Wall, even McDonalds (LOL) made our trip to China a truly unforgetable experience for us!We hope to return to Beijing again someday and will definitely stay at the Hilton! 

name:tiantan_hotel
content: Nice Hotel	I stayed here during a three day tour of Beijing while I was in China. Overall, it was a good experience. Rooms were very well appointed. Everything had a very modern feel. Surfaces were marble or granite, and the furniture was rich wood. As others have mentioned, the mattress was typical for that region of the world. Beds are extremely firm and require some getting used to. This hotel was no exception. The bathroom offered every necessary toiletrie, from toothpaste to q-tip.Although we didn't spend much time in the hotel, the common facilities were nice. There were a full host of business services, at least one shop for souveniers and miscellanous goods. There was also one cafe, and at least two additional restaurants. One offered a free breakfast buffett, which was both Eastern and Western style. We ate in both restaurants and food quality was on par with restaurants in the surrounding area.The surrounding area is pretty docile. There isn't much in the immediate vicinity. We were there over the Chinese New Year and most places were closed for the holiday. The Pearl Outlet was nearby but was also closed. They did have several statues and stone carvings celebrating the upcoming Olympic games which were neat to see.Overall, this is a great place to stay if you are conducting business in the local area, or are participating in a fully guided tour of the area. Certainly 4-star quality.
content: Suitable hotel	I did a three day tour through Beijing when I stayed at the Tiantan Hotel. The hotel is pretty nice and the breakfast buffet was very good as well. The hotel is in a weird area though. Its not dangerous, but it is definitely not much of a neighborhood. If you want to go out for dinner you need to take a cab, there is nothing in walking distance. The hotel staff does not speak English that well. When staying there request an upper floor room. I stayed on floor 5 and I could hear noise from the kaoroke bar on the 2nd floor all night. Additionally, I just found out that the hotel just charged my credit card for something I can't figure out. The web addresses for these hotels are impossible to track down. Does anyone know it?
content: Good hotel near the Temple of Heaven	My family and I stayed at the Tiantan Hotel for 4 nights near the end of June as a part of a 10-day package tour of China. The hotel was part of the tour package for our stay in Beijing and we booked out three rooms. Overall, we liked the hotel, but we do have some nits to pick.The main &quot;nits&quot; that we had 1.) As a family, we wanted 3 rooms that would be near to each other. We were told that they could accomodate this request and we were given 3 rooms that appeared to be next to each other (i.e., sequential room numbers). When we got to our rooms, we realized that despite the sequential room numbers, one room was in actuality down the hall and around the corner (due to a quirk on how the rooms are layed out) and not really near the other two. When we called back downstairs to ask if we can have a closer room than that, we were then told that it was the only room available to us. Not the world's biggest deal, but somewhat annoying when the staff had earlier assured us that all 3 rooms would be next to each other. [Note The staff's English is only so-so, but my family and I can speak Mandarin, so this was not an issue of being &quot;lost in translation.&quot;]2.) Complete and total lack of variety in their lobby background music. Strange nit you say? For 2 days straight, the lobby background music was the same instrumental version of &quot;Don't Cry for Me Argentina&quot; on INFINITE LOOP. No other song was played (not even another song from Evita). It's amazing how quickly a song can drill into your head when it's the ONLY SONG playing over and over and over... Part way through breakfast in the downstairs restaurant, I wanted to grab some bread to stuff into my ears just to block out the sound and keep my sanity.Beyond these nits, this is a perfectly nice hotel to stay at. The rooms are very clean and nice (though the beds are like most Chinese hotel beds... VERY firm). It was easy to set a wake-up call and our wake-up calls were always on time. As also stated by the previous reviewers, this hotel is near the Temple of Heaven (for which the hotel is named for) and the Pearl Market (great shopping if you love to haggle). It is also right across the street from the Red Theater (the home of the &quot;Beijing Kung Fu Show,&quot; a popular stop for Western tour companies). I can't speak to the nearness of other tourist attractions as our tour bus would pick us up and drive us to the various places and I did not really pay attention to time or distance.The breakfast buffet is not too bad. It has good variety and has probably a 60/40 mix of Western/Chinese food items. In my opinion, the Chinese food items are definitely better than the Western ones. There is also an omelet bar where the chef will either fry eggs or omelets for you.We also had a late dinner in the Rainbow Restaurant one night. We kept the meal simple to noodles, fried rice, and dumplings and the food was very good... especially the dumplings.
content: Decent business hotel but far away from main sites	This is a typical Chinese business hotel, rooms are decent size and comfortable but nothing luxurious. Remember that all mattresses in Chinese hotels have the firmness of a box spring (foreign hotel mattresses are only marginally better). Good for your back I guess but takes some using to!As another reviewer mentioned, the hotel is convenient for the Pearl Market (10mns walk). Don't forget to bargain hard, 1st counter offer should not be more than 10% of asking price. Don't settle for more than 20% of asking price, if not move on to another vendor. Best deal is on fresh water pearls on the 3rd floor. Hotel is also convenient for the Temple of Heaven (20mn walk) but very far from anything else. You will need a 15 mn ride by cab to any other sites which can stretch to 30mns when there is traffic. Breakfast buffet is so so. American items are a pale comparison to the originals and Chinese items are scarce. Long lines to toast your bread yourself and chronic shortage of butter. If breakfast is not included in your package, go outside the hotel and look for the many eateries (near the Pearl Market) where you can have a great chinese breakfast for a couple of dollars only.This hotel is good for those who are on a tight budget and whose main goal is discount shopping at the Pearl Market, otherwise look for something more central.
content: very nice hotel We stayed at the Tiantan Hotel in Beijing from March 5-9, 2006. This is a very nice, clean hotel with excellent service. Although most of the staff speak very little English they do their best to accommodate. The rooms are very nicely decorated and each room had slippers and plush terry robes for our use. Other than the nicely appointed rooms probably the best feature of this hotel is it's convenient location to the Temple of Heaven, Tian An Men Square and the Forbidden City. It is also within a ten minute walk to the Pearl Market (awesome shopping!!). We ate at one of the two restuarants (Rainbow Cafe) and the food was awesome. They had a full American/Chinese breakfust buffet each morning that more than filled us for the day. You also have a full service spa/salon on the second floor. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  